deep learning is a creation of machines
which use techniques inspired by the
human brain's ability to learn until
recently we simply didn't have enough
data and processing power to train a
machine to learn deep learning neural
networks learn many levels of
abstraction they range from simple
concepts to complex ones this is what
puts the deep in deep learning each
layer categorizes some kind of
information refines it and passes it
along to the next deep learning lecture
machine used this process to build a
hierarchical representation so the first
layer for example with a facial
recognition system might look for simple
edges the next might look the
collections of edges that form simple
shapes like rectangles or circles the
third might identify features like eyes
and noses out of five or six layers the
neural network can put these features
together the result a machine that can
recognize certain objects or even
concepts dependent on the training
dataset
humans learn numbers zero to nine and
about three to five years with parents
and teachers helping computers can learn
numbers with a CPU recognizing even
hundred numbers in a day GPUs on the
other hand do this in an hour
that's because GPUs perform many
calculations at once or in parallel and
once the system is trained with GPUs
scientists and researchers conclude that
learning to work we've had a lot of
success in deep learning and industrial
applications with supervised learning
solutions with supervised learning we
kind of guide the computer take it by
the hand and tell it for this example
you should do this for this example you
should do this and it requires a lot of
human labor it works for many data sets
that we're doing well on now for images
and speech and even some our natural
language but if we really aim for AI we
need to be able to let the computer
learn more by itself we can still give
it these labeled human labelled examples
but it should be able to use a lot more
data a two-year-old child hasn't been
supervised that much he was able to
learn just by observing and
experimenting the world so that's what
we're trying to aim with supervised
learning deep learning has had countless
applications ranging for medical
diagnosis robotics and automotive safety
to speech and text recognition so I
think that deep learning is going to be
applied in a lot more applications over
the next several years one of the things
that's really exciting about deep
learning is that it's taking a lot of
problems that used to be very
specialized and
of Secrets of like an art or things that
people had a lot of domain knowledge on
and transferring that into an
engineering problem so that people even
without a lot of domain expertise are
able to solve hard problems in many
different domains and because of this I
think deep learning is going to see
applied very widely in a lot of
surprising places I think we're going to
see deep learning applied to many
different domains I think a lot of
domains are really important especially
domain involving text and speech because
that's kind of the primary modalities
that humans use to interact with each
other and deep learning connective us
the ability to understand that and to
generate content we're just scratching
the surface that's why researchers at
top universities worldwide and a host of
startups are rushing to put deep
learning to work